there is no limit to what some men will
do for money
especially a man like morris buttermaker
no I really appreciate this
just a damn shame that none of the
fathers at the time for God knows if I
wasn't so busy downer City got my
checkride wouldn't even if it meant
coaching an unlikely group called the
Bad News Bears
it was a team of superstars like Mike
Engelberg Rudi Stein
Reggie towers Ahmad Abdul Rahim the
incomparable Ogilvy Timmy lupus Kelly
leak the Aguilar brothers with a team
like this there is only one way you can
go cups and supporters Walter Matthau is
morris buttermaker a man so desperate to
make a buck that he did the
unforgiveable he put a girl on the team
[Music]
Tatum O'Neal is Amanda but Amanda is no
ordinary Girl and with her help the Bad
News Bears went from totally terrible to
just plain bad
I want you to do this liga favor you and
the bears just dropped out Amanda knew
what the Bad News Bears needed she also
knew how to get it if I win you play
baseball for the Bears and if I win name
it what if he tries something don't ever
say that word again little success is a
strange thing once you taste it you want
more and from just plain bad
the Bad News Bears climbed up the ladder
to become the team that played baseball
like it has never been played before
Academy Award winner Walter Matthau is
the coach Academy Award winner Tatum
O'Neal is his secret weapon together
they turned the bad news bears into a
team of superstars you will never forget
the bad news bears the incredible story
of how a disaster combined for the
catastrophe and Sumner became the
greatest champs who ever played ball
[Music]